---
navName: '`npx serverize`'
layout: ../../../layouts/DocsLayout.astro
title: '`npx serverize`'
subtitle: 'Learn how to Serverize your Bun project'
author: 'Adam Koskovki'
date: '2024-10-22T00:00:00.000Z'
---

The `npx serverize` command does the logic to configure, build, push and run your project. it execute series of prompts aka (wizard) to put the deployment steps in order.

That's being said, there other ways in which you can deploy.

### Specific framework

Serverize will try to understand the codebase and detect the framework you are using and try to set Dockerfile up, however you can make it more specific by using `--framework` flag.

```sh frame="none"
npx serverize -p <project-name> --framework <framework>
```

### Using Local Dockerfile

In case you have Dockerfile and want to use it you can do so by executing the [deploy command](../cli/deploy.md)

```sh frame="none"
npx serverize -p <project-name> --file ./Dockerfile
```

### Using Git repository

Serverize also supports deploying from Git repostiry.

```sh frame="none"
npx serverize -p <project-name> --file ./Dockerfile --context https://github.com/serverize/example-node.git#main:./
```

> ![TIP]
> learn more about context in [Docker context documentation](https://docs.docker.com/build/concepts/context/)

### Using Docker image

You can also deploy docker image directly.

```sh frame="none"
npx serverize deploy -p <project-name> --image <docker-image>
```

Make sure that you use fully qualified image name and that you're authenticated to the image's registry.

## Dockerfile

If dockerfile exists in the directory in which the command har ran then it'll prompt you choose it or try to figure out a proper dockerfile for you. or you can use `--use-dockerfile-if-exists`.

## Read more

It is the core part of Serverize that does implicit auto setup feature that can detect the framework you are using and try to set the project up.

It have been tested with various project that uses the normal config (the defaults) and also tested with some codebases that have external integrations with ORM and other tools.
